docs/faq.md, before:

# Frequently Asked Questions

!!! note "Do you have a question not listed here? [Drop us a line!](mailto:info@rokubun.cat?subject=[Jason doc] faq request)"

???+ question "How accurate is the solution I've got with Jason?"
    You can find the error estimate in the error columns of the [position files
    delivered within the ZIP bundle](../manual#position-files-csv).

    Note however that this error estimate comes from the post-fit covariance values
    delivered by the navigation filter. These values are a basic metric
    to assess the quality of the solution but are formal errors and, as such, do not represent
    the actual error of the solution. To obtain an actual error of the solution an
    external reference for comparison is required.

??? question "Why Jason does not have global PPK coverage?"
    We rely on a series of more than 70 public world-wide, national and regional
    GNSS networks of Continuously Operating Reference Stations (CORS). These networks
    offer RINEX data of more than 10000 stations. The GNSS data availability is
    continuously monitored by Jason. However, there are still large portions of the
    globe (specially deserted areas, large water surfaces or sparse networks) that are not covered
    by Jason and thus no PPK coverage is available.

    For this reason, to mitigate this limitation, Jason allows to input data from
    your own base station. This feature is specially intended for those surveyors
    that need to perform a campaign in those areas with a lack of coverage.

??? question "I cannot display NMEA files? why is that?"
    Jason is designed to process raw GNSS measurements to obtain the position
    (NMEA format is used to represent positions, no GNSS raw measurements).

    If you are trying to plot the contents of a NMEA file into a map such as
    e.g. Google Earth, we recommend you to convert NMEA to KML (using external
    tools such as e.g. rtklib's `pos2kml`).

Commit message:

feat: add faq on ellipsoid/geoid height

docs/faq.md, after:

# Frequently Asked Questions

!!! note "Do you have a question not listed here? [Drop us a line!](mailto:info@rokubun.cat?subject=[Jason doc] faq request)"

???+ question "How accurate is the solution I've got with Jason?"
    You can find the error estimate in the error columns of the [position files
    delivered within the ZIP bundle](../manual#position-files-csv).

    Note however that this error estimate comes from the post-fit covariance values
    delivered by the navigation filter. These values are a basic metric
    to assess the quality of the solution but are formal errors and, as such, do not represent
    the actual error of the solution. To obtain an actual error of the solution an
    external reference for comparison is required.

??? question "The height component is way off relative to other programs. Why is that?"
    Please note that the solution provided by Jason is expressed in **WGS84**
    coordinates. Therefore, the altitude is referred to the WGS84 reference
    **ellipsoid**. If you compare this solution against the solution from
    third-party programs that provide the solution in other reference frames
    based on the geoid (instead of WGS84 ellipsoid), you will find large
    discrepancies in the altitude component.

    You can find the geoid height relative to the WGS84 ellipsoid in external tools such as
    [UNAVCO's Geoid Height Calculator](https://www.unavco.org/software/geodetic-utilities/geoid-height-calculator/geoid-height-calculator.html).

??? question "Why Jason does not have global PPK coverage?"
    We rely on a series of more than 70 public world-wide, national and regional
    GNSS networks of Continuously Operating Reference Stations (CORS). These networks
    offer RINEX data of more than 10000 stations. The GNSS data availability is
    continuously monitored by Jason. However, there are still large portions of the
    globe (specially deserted areas, large water surfaces or sparse networks) that are not covered
    by Jason and thus no PPK coverage is available.

    For this reason, to mitigate this limitation, Jason allows to input data from
    your own base station. This feature is specially intended for those surveyors
    that need to perform a campaign in those areas with a lack of coverage.

??? question "I cannot display NMEA files? why is that?"
    Jason is designed to process raw GNSS measurements to obtain the position
    (NMEA format is used to represent positions, no GNSS raw measurements).

    If you are trying to plot the contents of a NMEA file into a map such as
    e.g. Google Earth, we recommend you to convert NMEA to KML (using external
    tools such as e.g. rtklib's `pos2kml`).
